Rani.
Thank you.
Arif?
Aisha?
Wake up, Aisha.
-Wake up.
-Why did you wake me up?
You look so sleepy.
Stop recording. Delete it.
Okay.
Go back to sleep
so your dream continues.
Why did I have such a bad dream?
Is it a sign?
It means you're missing Arif too much.
Calm down. We'll arrive in 30 minutes.
You can make the most
of your time with him.
We've arrived in China.
Let's take a selfie, Aisha.
Okay.
Evy, smile for the selfie. Stop frowning.
We're here in China.
Everyone here is Chinese.
Welcome. I'm Hastomo.
I came to pick you up here.
-Let's go.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
-Why isn't he Chinese?
Aisha, don't you want to meet Arif now?
I'm ready to accompany you there.
Let's finish our job here first.
We'll be more relaxed afterward.
Also, he's having his birthday
the day after tomorrow
so I want to surprise him.
Victor!
Focus on getting good shots.
Mr. Hastomo, they always fight
wherever they go.
I suspect they're actually soulmates.
-Don't talk nonsense!
-They might be, Aisha.
-Nauzubillahminzalik. No way!
-What does that mean?
We seek refuge in God from bad things.
Am I that bad to you, Evy?
Oh, God. When I get married,
I bet you'll cry nonstop.
-"Don't leave me. I love you so much."
-Don't say anything back!
Evy, Aisha, and Victor,
that's the restaurant.
You can eat there. I'll park the car.
-Thank you, sir.
-Okay. You're welcome.
-This one?
-Which one?
-This one. Let's go.
-Hurry up.
"Hurry up"? Stop rushing people.
-It's a nice restaurant, isn't it?
-It is.
Where's the waitress?
There's no menu, either.
Relax, I ordered the food on our way here.
You just have to eat.
You won't regret it because
the restaurant is run by an Indonesian.
There. I think that's ours.
-Baba, you have customers.
-Thank you.
Peace be upon you.
Peace be upon you too.
Welcome to Ningxia.
My name is Rahman.
But people here call me "Baba."
Baba.
My name's Evy. This is Aisha, and…
Victor Panggabean. I'm from Medan.
Are you three going to cover
the event here tomorrow?
-That's right.
-What's your name, cute girl?
Saabira.
-Saabira. Nice to meet you. I'm Aisha.
-Nice to meet you.
Bira is my youngest kid.
She has an older brother.
He's around your age.
But he's currently out,
taking care of something.
Taking care of his girlfriends.
Girlfriends? He has plenty of them?
He's such a playboy, then.
-Victor.
-Just like me.
Bira, don't talk like that.
He does have a lot of girlfriends.
-Enjoy your meal. We'll chat later, okay?
-Sure.
Thank you, Baba. Thank you, Bira.
We came all the way to China
just to eat noodles, Evy?
We often eat this kind of dish
in Pecenongan, Jakarta.
Enjoy your meal.
In the name of God.
It tastes so good!
-Right?
-It tastes so good!
Eat slowly.
Hot!
It's complimentary.
If you still need it tomorrow,
-feel free to come back.
-It only costs one yuan?
It is!
If you don't believe me,
do you want to ask the others?
-It's okay, Bira.
-Could you come here for a moment?
They're curious
if this really costs one yuan.
Hi! That's right.
I'm an Indonesian student.
When we are short on money, we eat here.
But when we have extra money,
we'd pay more.
Look at the banner over there.
"Eat to your heart's content,
pay as you wish,
free for those in need"?
Hang on. Is this even profitable?
You have a point.
Praise be to God, we made a huge profit.
I've been doing it this way
for almost ten years.
And as you see…
My restaurant is still running.
Praise be to God,
our family has never lacked anything.
If God's willing, it has given us
spiritual rewards and blessings.
Amen.
So what do I do now?
I've finished three bowls.
What should I do?
How about you bring the bowls inside
and you wash them?
Seriously?
-Saabira…
-Seriously.
I wash the dishes? I'm in China, you know.
Hi, everyone. Welcome back
to the Indonesian news channel.
Today, I'm at the Indonesian
and Chinese Cultural Festival.
We will explore many things.
Come with me, and stay until the end.
-Is that Indonesian?
-Yes.
-Stand there. A bit closer, it's fine.
-Here.
This is a dance
from the Indonesian students here.
Let's watch.
Move a little bit.
Sister.
I saw you filming.
You're so cool! I like it!
When I grow up, I'd love to be like you.
Why do you want to be like me?
I want to travel the world.
I'd love to go to Indonesia.
You've never been to Indonesia?
I'd really love to.
But I have to wait
until I'm a grown-up like you
and go on my own.
Why do you want to go on your own?
Why won't you go with Baba?
Peace be upon you, Aisha.
Peace be upon you too, Baba.
Baba is here.
Is everything going well?
Praise be to God, it does.
But there are still some spots
that we still need to visit.
Good, then.
It's good that you're here, Baba.
Can we interview you?
About what?
Anything. About how you came to live here,
your family, or any fun things!
My life is not interesting. It's ordinary.
Many other people have
more interesting lives.
I still have things to do.
Bira, let's go.
-Peace be upon you.
-Peace be upon you too.
Bye, Bira.
Did I say something wrong?
I don't know.
I will do some filming again, okay?
Okay. Let's go.
Evy, where is he?
What's taking him so long?
I'm sure right about now.
Since Mr. Hastomo can't pick us up,
someone else will do it.
He'll be here soon.
Just a moment. Be patient.
-Maybe this one.
-Will it be the same car?
It should be.
But, one second, let me check.
It's heading here.
Maybe this is Mr. Hastomo.
Wait, is it the car?
But he's coming here. He's getting off.
I don't think so.
The driver wouldn't be as handsome as…
-Zhang Zhehan.
-What kind of Chinese food is that?
-Peace be upon you.
-Peace be upon you too.
I'm Mr. Hastomo's replacement.
Answer him. Don't space out. Evy!
-You understand the language.
-Right.
Yes. Mr. Hastomo can't pick us up.
He's the replacement.
We'll leave when you're ready.
Sister, guard your eyes
and guard your heart.
-Hey, hello!
-Is it really him?
-Hey!
-Okay, then. Let's go.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Evy, I'm going to speak Chinese.
-Watch me.
-Yes.
Hello.
What's your "namo"?
"Name."
What?
Hello. What's your name?
-Mo.
-Mo?
What's that short for?
Mo.
Read the one below.
-This one?
-Yes.
What's your complete name?
Why is it only
"Moooo"?
Just call me "Mo."
His name is just Mo.
O…
-Okay.
Hello, Mo. My name's Evy.
-Aisha.
-Yes?
Mr. Hastomo told me
all the passengers' names.
He wasn't talking to you.
He said Mr. Hastomo told him
all the passengers' names.
He knows all of our names, including me?
-It should be.
-Okay.
So, you know my name?
I forget.
You can speak Indonesian?
I can.
Why did I speak Chinese?
So, do you understand me right now?
You should've told me, Mo.
I'm in Ningxia,
China's biggest Muslim territory.
There are a lot
of historical footprints here.
One of them is Daxuexixiang Mosque.
It was built in the year 705 A.D.
It becomes a source of pride
for the Hui Muslims.
I'm Aisha, reporting from Ningxia, China.
Bye!
Her hijab!
Maybe you didn't tighten it enough.
If worn correctly, it wouldn't slip off.
Thanks, Mo.
You're welcome.
Let me help you.
Okay.
-Good?
-Good.
Mo wants you to wear hijab correctly.
Okay, stand by.
Okay, Mo.
-All good?
-All good.
-Thanks, Mo.
-You're welcome.
Sorry for any shortcomings
while accompanying you.
-No shortcoming.
-You only have one.
You're handsome.
Next to you, I look ugly in their eyes.
Here. If you need my help.
Okay.
Okay. Thanks, Mo.
You're welcome. Peace be upon you.
-Peace be upon you too.
Why did he give the card to you?
I'm the producer here.
Why are you jealous?
He's the owner, you know.
Really?
That's why he's handsome.
He even gave his card.
Why do girls judge guys
based on their looks?
It's still morning
and he's getting a surprise.
How lucky this Arif guy is.
According to this, this is the address.
Thank you.
-Can you hold both?
-I can.
You're smiling so wide.
Slowly.
-We carry a lot of stuff.
-Thank you.
Hello.
-Hello.
Can I help you with something?
Do you know this person?
Let me see.
Does he live here?
Arif?
Correct.
You can only visit briefly.
His room number is 1702.
-Thank you.
-Okay.
Which one?
-This one.
-Yes.
Aisha!
Light up the candles first.
Okay.
-Light up the rest, Evy.
-Be careful.
I'll knock and we'll sing together, okay?
Let me go first.
Call him.
Arif!
Who are you looking for? You…
Sister, we're looking for Arif.
-I don't know that name.
-She doesn't know.
Hang on, but the receptionist said
this is Arif's apartment.
Maybe he's the previous owner.
Sister, have you ever seen this guy?
Sorry.
-Do you know him?
-I never saw him.
Never saw him.
-Sorry.
-Aisha, she doesn't know him.
-Are you sure this is his room?
-Impossible.
This is the right address.
The one he gave me.
Well, that was also
what the receptionist said.
Honey.
Honey, open the door.
Who are these people
and what are they doing here?
I think they got the wrong address.
This is my husband.
Sorry.
-That's her husband.
-Did she say "junk food"?
Let's just go back down.
-Sorry to disturb you.
-Okay then.
Why isn't Arif staying in room 1702?
Arif?
-Arif?
-That's right.
The last time I saw him was
three months ago.
What did he say?
-So unfriendly.
-Understood.
If you're in Medan,
I would've slapped you many times.
He used to live here three months ago,
but he could've rented
the apartment to someone else.
We were still texting last night,
he still lives here.
We talked on the phone last night.
That means he lied to you.
-Aisha!
-The cake? Aisha.
What about the cake? Hello?
Aisha. Is this his campus?
It is.
Are you sure?
Excuse me.
I'd like to get some information.
Is he a student here?
His name is Arif.
Let me check.
NAME: ARIF NIZART
ACADEMIC YEAR: 2024/2025
It's been six months
since Arif was last registered
as a student.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Arif hasn't been registered
as a student for six months.
Is it true?
That was what the staff said.
You just paid his tuition, didn't you?
Right?
Valid?
Well, it's getting interesting!
Victor.
-Aisha.
-Did I say something wrong?
-Evy!
Where else are you going
to look for him, Aisha?
What are you going to do?
I don't know.
He never told me
if he had any trouble or anything.
So I don't know what to do.
Victor, any idea?
It's easy to look for someone in Bekasi.
I have a lot of friends there.
But this is China.
The language is different.
I cannot understand.
Victor, can't you watch
what you're saying?
Show some empathy!
Haven't I shown enough empathy?
She wanted to give him a surprise?
I accompanied her.
She wanted to spy on his campus?
I was right behind you.
This is our last day here.
We should go sightseeing.
Buy souvenirs or whatever.
-Right.
-Haven't I sacrificed enough?
Okay, then.
I'm sorry if I ruined your trip for you.
But I have to process
a lot of things suddenly.
I'm still shocked. I'm confused.
I don't know what to do.
You can go sightseeing without me.
I'm going back to the hotel.
Once again, Victor, I'm so sorry.
No, Aisha.
-Is she mad?
-Victor!
Aisha!
Gosh. I made another mistake.
I know what it feels like
to be lied to by a guy.
Especially after being
with someone for years.
Good thing you found out he was lying now.
If you found out after you're married,
wouldn't that be more hurtful?
It would be harder.
I've known for a long time
that you often send money to him.
Do you realize that
you've been so generous to him?
I just didn't expect him
to be that cruel to you.
In fact, he knows
you don't have anyone else.
It's okay.
Just cry it out.
Let's hope it'll calm you down.
But you have to remember,
the storm will pass.
I just don't want
anything bad to happen to you.
I care about you, Aisha.
It's okay.
It's okay, Aisha.
Here, let me help you.
-Let me help you.
-Okay. Thank you, Mo.
Too bad you have to go back this soon.
There are still a lot of beautiful
and historical places you have to visit.
We'd love to stay longer.
Especially Aisha.
She wants to see the City Wall.
Right, Aisha?
We're going to come back.
But we have to save some money first.
I'd be happy
to take you guys around again.
You should've talked this much before.
We wouldn't be going home today.
This is my first time taking
my customers around myself.
So, I'm nervous. I don't know what to do.
I thought you were a cool guy.
Turns out you can be nervous too.
You're an ordinary human being.
What's wrong with Aisha?
She has a toothache.
Having a toothache is
better than a heartbreak.
You know that dangdut song?
You listen to dangdut too?
Luggage, Mo.
Okay.
Mo, let me.
It's okay. Let me.
I'll accompany you inside.
It's okay, Mo. You can leave now.
Okay.
-Thank you.
-Okay. You're welcome.
-Mo.
-Have a safe journey!
YINCHUAN STATION
Has the train departed?
I think the train will leave soon.
Check your belongings.
Have you checked yours?
I don't want us to leave anything here.
The camera is here. Everything's here.
-Check everything.
-I have.
-Are you sure?
-I'm sure, Evy. They're all here.
Aisha.
What are you doing here, Mo?
I bought you
this Chinese toothache medicine.
This works wonders.
Thanks, Mo.
You're welcome. Have a safe journey.
Yes. Thank you, Mo.
That's it?
Thank you, Mo.
He really bought it for you.
-Keep it as a souvenir.
-Let's go.
That's it.
-I'm going to the restroom.
-Okay.
Where's Aisha?
She's going to the restroom.
What's taking her so long?
The train will depart very soon.
Yeah.
TRAIN FROM NINGXIA TO BEIJING: DEPARTED
Mo.
What's taking her so long? Where is she?
Is she locked inside the restroom?
Stop making me more panicked.
-Evy. Where is she?
-Hang on.
She's texting me.
Evy, Victor.
Sorry, I'm not going home with you.
I'll be staying here for a few days.
I need to meet Arif, no matter what.
Because I still can't believe
he can do this to me.
I still hope his reason
was not to betray me.
But if he really did,
I want to know the reason
for him to be that cruel.
Evy, just go back home with Victor.
You don't need to worry about me.
I can take care of myself here.
Sorry for troubling you.
-Victor.
-What?
What?
She's not coming with us.
What do you mean?
So, it's only the two of us?
What should we do?
I don't understand. What's up with her?
Just say something to her.
Deal with her yourself.
What do you mean by "deal"?
Should I get off? The train has departed.
I don't know, Victor!
Can you stop asking questions?
Don't be mad. I was only asking.
Mo.
Sorry for venting.
Because I don't have anyone here.
You're the only one who can help me.
No matter how much I have to pay,
just tell me and I'll pay you.
Do you have any contact
or the address of his friends here?
I don't.
Reckless.
What?
I'm not. I have a plan.
I have several photos of him in China.
Maybe you know the person or the location.
We can start from there.
I know the location of some of his photos.
Let's start with the nearest one.
Okay.
I have a question.
Have you ever met this guy?
He's been here.
He prayed here once,
but he never came back.
Okay.
-Thank you.
-Peace be upon you.
-Peace be upon you too.
-Goodbye.
What did he say?
Arif has only been here once
to pray and take some photos.
He doesn't know Arif personally.
When Arif wrote that
he stayed here for a week,
that was a lie.
Okay.
CIVILIZED CAMPUS, NO SMOKING
Arif?
The last time I saw him was
about five to six months ago.
I heard he worked
at the solar energy research center.
Where is that?
-Shapotou.
-Shapotou?
Oh, yeah.
-Thank you.
Mo, do you know where that is?
Shapotou is six to seven hours from here.
Can you please take me there?
No matter how much the fee is,
I'll pay you.
-Just tell me the total amount.
-Later.
-It's okay. I can pay you now.
-Later. After everything is done.
Thanks, Mo.
Mo, where are we?
We're almost there.
I slept for a long time, didn't I?
If you want to eat, there's food.
Mo, I'm so sorry.
It should've been me who bought the food.
I'll pay you back.
It's okay.
Is this as far as we can go?
Can't we go up there?
We can't.
We're not allowed to enter freely, Aisha.
I can't. We've come this far.
-We have to try.
-It's written there.
-We have to have permission.
-It's only a formality. Let's just try.
We can't. I'm from here.
I know the rule here.
Since you're from here,
it should be easier, right?
That's not right.
Aisha, come back.
It's okay. I'll just go alone.
Don't be reckless. Go back! Aisha!
Aisha, let's go back and leave.
Aisha!
Aisha! If you continue,
I will not be held responsible.
-I'll wait for you here.
-Okay!
Aisha.
Love may be blind, but that doesn't mean
it doesn't need logic.
Who says so?
Mo, you don't know about me and Arif.
It's your business.
The problem is that it involves me.
I'm not involving you.
Your job is to take me here.
The problem is
you're my responsibility now.
Stop, Aisha.
Let's try another way.
This is dangerous, Aisha.
Aisha.
Mo.
Stop there.
What are you doing here?
Mo, I think we can ask them.
Hello.
Don't move!
-Hello…
-We're lost.
Hold on.
-I'm with a tourist from Indonesia.
-Wait.
Hello.
What for?
What is she talking about?
-Let's just try.
-Not sure.
-Search them.
-Don't move!
Hands up!
-Hands up, Aisha.
-Don't touch me.
-Hey! Stop!
-Hands up.
-Don't touch her!
-Help!
Don't move!
-Okay!
-Don't move!
Don't move!
-Mo!
-Don't move!
Aisha!
Mo!
No!
-Bring him here.
-Move!
No!
-Aisha, show them your passport.
-Wait.
We're here looking for someone.
Don't move!
This project was closed a year ago.
We're guarding this place.
This is a restricted area.
You're not supposed to be here.
Leave now.
Go!
Leave now!
I'm so sorry, Mo. I'm at fault here.
Here, let me.
Is this alcohol?
-Yes.
-Okay.
Sorry, I'll…
It's okay. Let me do it myself.
If that didn't happen,
you wouldn't believe me, would you?
I was just making an effort, Mo.
Shouldn't we…
Shouldn't we make an effort
if we want something?
Sorry, I'm in the wrong.
They said
the project was closed a year ago.
There's no worker there now.
Just the security guards.
Let me help you.
-Excuse me, Mo.
-Yeah?
Your hair.
Mo.
There are lots of cuts on your arms.
Do you want me to…
Thank you.
Aisha.
Sorry for being harsh to you earlier.
I shouldn't have yelled at you.
It's okay, Mo.
You're right. Love needs logic.
I was at fault.
I should be the one apologizing.
Yes, but I shouldn't have done that.
Everyone has done something
illogical out of love.
My mom died giving birth to me.
After my dad died,
I only have Arif.
He's always on my side.
He always accompanies me.
He always supports me.
Maybe that's why I'm too dependent on him.
I want to perform the Maghrib prayer.
Do you want to pray together?
No, thanks. You go first.
You're having a problem now.
It's better for you to ask for God's help.
God is the Greatest.
Hello, Evy.
Gosh, Aisha.
Why is it so hard to call you?
Where are you? Are you okay?
Have you met Arif?
One question at a time, or else,
she'll be more confused.
Slow down.
I'm in Ningxia.
I still can't find Arif.
How about this?
Tomorrow morning,
you fly to Beijing as early as possible,
and then we fly home together.
I'll book you the ticket.
I'll handle everything.
Stop thinking about that crazy Arif, okay?
Aisha, we came here together,
so we have to go home together too.
I appreciate your concern.
But relax, I can take care of myself here.
Okay? I'm hanging up now, Evy.
Safe flight.
Wait! Don't hang up just yet.
Where's Mo? I want to talk to him.
Mo is praying.
I'm hanging up now, Evy. Bye.
Safe flight. Peace be upon you.
Hello?
Victor, what now?
I can't stop worrying about Aisha.
What else should we do? Go back there?
It's far.
If we stay together longer,
we'll fall for each other.
I mean…
I'm worried about Aisha, but I trust Mo.
She'll be all right.
Just like we'll be all right
until we get married.
Victor, I'm not joking.
But I'm serious, Evy.
I'm also serious here.
Don't be delusional.
Victor. Isn't that the girl
from the apartment?
And is that Arif? It is Arif!
Wait! Our food!
-Our food, Evy!
-Arif!
Arif!
Is that Arif?
Sorry.
-Evy!
-Arif!
TAXI
Why were you so slow? We lost him!
You're wasting our food.
Are you even sure that's Arif?
Not really, but he turned around
when I called him.
Who wouldn't turn around
when you call them?
Your voice is like a treble.
-Victor?
-See?
Don't waste our food.
Our bags are still there too.
Let's just go back.
-Thanks, Mo.
-You're welcome.
When did you start living here?
Since I was seven.
All of your family live here?
Yes.
So, what's your plan now?
Do you still want to find your boyfriend?
Before I fell in love
and when I fall in love,
I should've been ready
to have my heart broken.
Yes, and…
the bigger our love for someone,
the bigger
the pain they can cause us
when they disappear.
Agree.
Are you still going to take me?
Of course.
Okay.
Are you done eating?
Just a bit more.
Let's go.
-Aisha, can you open the door?
-Okay.
Forgive me, God.
The car won't start.
Just a moment.
I think the battery is low.
Hang on. Let me get some help.
Hello?
Hi. My car won't start.
At…
Hello?
My phone's dead.
What should we do, then?
-There's a car coming.
-Okay, then.
Stop them!
Hey! Hello!
Sorry for my recklessness.
Well, what else can we do?
Hey!
Stop!
It's okay. You just wait in the car.
There will be another car.
Okay, then.
I can't sleep.
Just sit here.
Aisha?
My name was Rani Angelina.
Before I knew Arif.
Arif…
reminded me that someone cared about me.
He had filled my days
until he went to study in China.
And he did that for our future.
So, if you ask me
if he's worth fighting for,
the answer is yes.
He's worth fighting for.
I recently converted.
I thought I was going
to be happy with him.
to marry him and we'd be together.
Turns out he's lying
and I haven't even heard from him.
Do you know
that we're never really alone?
Because God is always with us.
He's the Almighty Protector.
And…
He will protect you better
than anyone else
from anything.
Sorry for being presumptuous.
But who did you convert for?
Ideally, you do that for God.
But if there's another reason,
I hope that becomes
your process to be better.
Mo.
Aisha.
Would you be my imam?
What do you mean?
To lead the prayer?
Sorry, Aisha.
I can't be your imam.
If there's only the two of us,
you're not my mahram.
So let's pray on our own, okay?
Okay.
God is the Greatest.
Peace be upon you.
Mo!
He's taking our belongings, Mo!
Hey, Mo! Mo!
-Mo!
-Hey! Stop!
Hey! Mo!
Hey! Don't!
-Hey!
-Stop!
It's all gone!
Calm down.
How am I supposed to calm down?
My passport, my phone, my iPad, my work!
Everything is in the bag!
Okay. Calm down now.
So we can think.
I called you when you prayed, but you…
Mo, what should we do? Everything's gone!
We don't know where my stuff is!
I didn't know their intentions.
We shouldn't think negatively
especially when we're praying.
What's the point…
What's the point of me praying…
What's the point of me praying
if this is how my prayers are answered?
Forgive me, God.
The car won't start!
And the phone's dead.
Aisha.
No good intention ever goes to waste.
So, what do we do now?
Hello!
-Hello, sir.
-Hello.
Someone called me and told me
a car broke down here.
He was with an ill person
and he couldn't stop.
Because he was in a hurry
to get to the hospital.
He asked me to fix your car.
Thank you.
The battery's low.
Please fix it.
Open the hood.
The mechanic said he received a call
from someone who saw
our broken-down car here.
But they couldn't stop
because they were with a sick person.
It's more urgent.
Done. Try to start it.
All good.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
-Goodbye.
-Bye.
Who moves the hearts of humans?
Get out of the car.
-Hello.
-Hello. What's the matter?
We want to report something.
Report? Please come here.
POLICE STATION
-Hello.
Her bag was stolen.
Where and when?
At six in the morning, at Mount Helan.
Let me write the report.
Give me a contact number.
Okay. If there's any progress,
we will contact you.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
Let's hope they find your things.
Are you hungry?
What do you want to eat?
Aisha.
Say something.
I don't know what I want to eat.
My stuffs are gone.
I don't have anyone here.
But I held this.
This is all I have.
It's unimportant.
Whatever.
Aisha, once again, I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Do you know Baba's noodle restaurant?
Every Indonesian here surely knows it.
Take me there.
Aisha.
Yes?
I'm going to park the car, okay?
Okay.
Peace be upon you, Bira.
Aisha?
Sorry, you wore a hijab before.
I just don't want to mistake you
for someone else.
Are you coming alone?
No, I'm with my friend.
-He's coming.
-Peace be upon you.
-Bira, I want to…
-Mo!
Where were you?
Dad was worried, you know?
You didn't pick up your phone.
Dad was worried you were in trouble
with the police again.
That you were fighting again.
Aisha, he's my brother.
Why didn't you tell me you're Baba's son?
You two know each other?
How?
Bira.
She came here for Dad's noodle,
not to tell you stories.
Stay with my sister.
Ask her what she wants to eat.
Okay.
What do you want to order?
Thanks, Mo.
You're welcome.
Peace be upon you, Aisha.
Peace be upon you too, Baba.
-Dad.
-Yeah.
Welcome back.
He told me everything.
There's a bedroom you can occupy
until all of your problems here
are solved.
Baba, thank you.
It was all his idea.
Mohammad.
You don't need to ask for advice from him.
Don't refuse this, okay?
Yes, Baba.
Let's drink.
Okay, then.
I'm going to leave you be, okay?
Baba, once again, thank you so much.
You're welcome, Aisha.
Mohammad?
Why did you keep it a secret?
I was worried
that my behavior and actions
are far from The Prophet's.
Dad gave me that name so that I'm mindful
of my behavior and actions.
So, you don't mind staying
at my family's house, right?
Mo, I asked you to take me here
because I wanted to ask for Baba's help.
It's a coincidence that
Baba is your family.
We've lived here for a long time.
Peace be upon you.
Peace be upon you too.
Mo, you're finally home.
Yes, I'm finally home.
-Peace be upon you.
When I was little,
I could only play with Mo.
This is one of the Muslim villages here.
Peace be upon you.
-Peace be upon you too.
-Same to you.
-Peace be upon you.
-Peace be upon you too.
Mo, where's your dad?
He's still at the restaurant.
Oh, I see.
-Hello.
-Peace be upon you.
Peace be upon you too.
HUBEI PROVINCE
This is our house.
Please.
-Have a seat.
-Okay.
Peace be upon you.
I'm happy to finally have
another woman in this house.
Where's your mother?
She has left us.
Bira, I'm so sorry.
It's fine. Bira, please prepare the room.
Open the window, let the fresh air in.
No, you don't have to. Let me.
No, let me.
Thanks, sweetie.
Have a seat.
Thanks.
Here's a phone.
It has a SIM card and some credit in it.
You can just use it.
-Mo, I'm only troubling you.
-It's okay.
No, it's fine.
Dad told me to give it to you. It's fine.
Thanks, Mo.
You're welcome.
Mo, when will we go to Beijing?
It takes 12 hours to go to Beijing by bus.
No.
I need to apply for a new passport,
so I need to get there faster.
Maybe by train or plane.
To get on a train or a plane,
you need a passport.
You're right!
It's Saturday.
We'll depart tomorrow at night,
so we'll arrive there Monday morning.
You're going with me?
Yes.
It's my fault.
So I'll accompany you
until all of your business is resolved
and you're able to go home.
Mo, thank you so much,
but this isn't your fault.
This is my fault.
You're only involved
because you were accompanying me.
It's both of our faults.
Thanks, Mo.
Aisha.
The room's ready.
Mo, I'm going to clean up.
Okay, go ahead. Accompany her, Bira.
Come in.
If you need anything,
I'll be in the room next door.
Okay. Thanks, sweetie.
Enjoy your rest.
Evy.
Pick it up, Evy.
Arif.
Peace be upon you, Arif.
Peace be upon you.
Hello?
Arif?
Arif, I know you can hear me.
Arif, you still owe me an explanation.
Arif, do you know that I'm in Ningxia?
I wanted to surprise you
for your birthday.
But I don't know where you are.
Arif?
I converted for you.
My name's Aisha now.
Aisha, I'm coming in, okay?
Bira.
Sorry for disturbing your rest.
I want to give you the prayer robe.
Thanks, Bira.
Mo and I are going
to the mosque to pray together.
Do you want to come with us?
I think I'll stay here.
We won't be gone for long.
Peace be upon you.
Peace be upon you too.
God is the greatest.
I bear witness that there is only one God.
Sorry for being presumptuous.
But who did you convert for?
Ideally, you do that for God.
But if there's another reason,
I hope that becomes
your process to be better.
Mo.
You like Aisha, don't you?
Bira!
I'll go with you.
God is the greatest.
God hears those who praise Him.
Peace be upon you, Mo.
This is Aisha.
She's Indonesian.
Oh, God.
The Most Gracious.
The Most Merciful.
Oh, God.
Make all of my matters easy.
Help me strengthen my Islamic faith.
Grant me Your help and guidance,
so that I do not lose my way.
So I do not walk without Your guidance.
Peace be upon you.
Dad.
Baba.
I'm going home, okay?
Who knows the meaning
of "Bismillahirrahmanirrahim"?
I know.
In the name of God, the Most Gracious
and the Most Merciful.
Correct!
-Very good.
-Right.
This is for you.
Praise be to God.
Despite the appearance, he's an ustadz.
Why "despite the appearance"?
Who knows the meaning
of "Lailahaillallah"?
I know.
I bear witness that there is only one God.
Very correct!
This is for you.
Praise be to God.
Your brother is suitable as an ustadz.
He's sincere.
Good-looking.
Do you like him?
I do, but as a best friend.
Do you have a boyfriend?
Didn't Mo tell you?
He never tells me anything.
He doesn't gossip.
I am really curious.
Why didn't you go back with your friends?
Why did you meet him instead?
But he didn't answer me.
Well…
-Maybe it's a fate.
-Amen.
-Why amen?
I hope Mo and you are destined
to be together.
Amen.
But he has a lot of girlfriends.
We depart earlier
because I have something to do.
After that, we'll take a tour of the town.
You're going to meet
your sweet girlfriends, aren't you?
That explains why you won't
let me sit in the front seat.
Are you worried that they'll get jealous?
Aisha, you can come with me.
No, I don't want to disturb you.
You won't. With you,
I'll have a reason to be quick.
Let's go.
Okay, then. Let me help you. Hang on.
Hang on.
Take these.
Okay.
Yeah.
Let me carry that.
It's fine.
Are you worried that
your girlfriends will get jealous?
They're used to seeing me
with other women.
They even support each other.
Are you going to marry
all of your girlfriends?
You know, as a new convert,
men like you give Islam a bad name.
But we're allowed to have four wives.
But it's not an obligation.
Let's go.
Peace be with you.
You're finally here.
-Be careful.
-I miss you.
Sorry, I've been busy.
I miss you.
-Granny, how are you?
-I'm fine.
Good.
Aisha, meet one of my girlfriends.
I brought you a little bit of food.
-Just put it there.
-Okay.
Is this your fiancée?
-If God's willing.
-Thank God.
What's going on?
Good.
She asked me if you're my future wife.
If God's willing?
So beautiful.
Mo, why did you answer "if God's willing"?
I don't want to precede God
by saying "no."
We never know
what will happen in the future.
That's why I said that.
Mo, you finally come.
Granny.
Come and sit here.
Let me change it for you.
-Thank you.
-Mo, I can do that.
Seriously?
-Is that okay?
-Thank you.
Your girlfriends are funny.
Thank you for helping.
A mother is a child's first educator.
She's usually here.
How adorable!
-Granny.
-Hi!
-Hi.
-I brought cat food.
Hi, Mo!
These are your belongings.
Thank you.
There's a lot of stuff.
Thank you, Mo.
This is my most spoiled girlfriend.
I still have a lot more girlfriends.
If we have time, we'll meet them.
May I ask why you are doing this?
They remind me of my mother.
Mo is a good boy.
Sorry for my negative assumption earlier.
I thought you really had
a lot of girlfriends.
But you weren't jealous, were you?
No.
I'm only kidding.
Where do you want to go now?
Still want to look for your boyfriend?
I decided not to look for Arif for now.
I want to get closer to God.
Praise be to God.
Granny.
I'll take you home, okay?
Thank you for taking me home.
How should I pose, Mo?
Look over there.
Over there?
Yes. One, two, three.
Mo, I want to…
Aisha!
Don't look back again, okay?
From now on, just look ahead.
Sorry
for being presumptuous.
I didn't mean anything by doing that.
It's okay.
I just wanted to calm you down. Sorry.
It's okay, Mo. Relax.
I actually want to thank you
for always trying to calm me down.
Hang on.
Hello?
Right.
Okay.
Thank you.
Our prayers have been answered.
What?
Hello. Here's your bag.
Please check if anything's missing.
Okay. Check your stuff first.
-See if everything's there.
-Okay.
This one…
Passport, phone. Hold on.
Everything's here!
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Thank you.
All of her stuff is still in it.
All her stuff is still in there.
We found the bag in a car
that was involved in an accident.
Please be careful next time.
Okay.
-Thank you.
Praise be to God.
-Mo, thank you so much.
-You're welcome.
-I'm fine.
-It's okay.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Mo, give me the bill for your car rental.
I'm going to pay you now.
It's been paid in full.
I haven't paid it.
This.
The coin you tossed.
It's enough to pay for my service.
Mo, stop joking around.
I'm serious.
We had an agreement. It's muamalah.
"Muamalah"? What does that mean?
It's a mutual agreement.
If God's willing, He will forgive us
for any shortcomings.
Okay.
But that's only one yuan,
so there's no way it's enough.
But it's very valuable to me.
Okay, then. We're going, okay?
Are you going back soon?
Aisha?
Peace be upon you.
-Peace be upon you too.
Evy!
Aisha! Oh, God!
Why didn't you tell me that
you still have a problem here?
I don't want to burden you.
Even so, you're still on my mind.
Hug me.
Me too, Evy.
I'll hug Mo, then.
-Come here.
-Thank you, Mo.
Let's drink some tea.
Baba.
I have a little souvenir for you.
Praise be to God.
And this is for Bira.
Thank you, Aisha.
Aisha, you don't need to give this to me.
It's nothing compared
to the help you gave me.
You're welcome.
Bira?
What's the matter?
Don't you like the gift?
I like it.
I'm just sad that you'll be leaving soon.
I promise you
when you come to Jakarta,
I'll accompany you
anywhere you want to go.
Me too.
And I, Victor, will drive.
Sorry, but I have to study.
I'm going to my room.
Aisha.
Mo.
Did I say something wrong?
Mo, forgive us.
It's nothing.
Mo, I'm serious.
Do you want more tea? Or coffee? Anything?
Seriously, the look
on their faces instantly changed.
It's a sensitive subject here
in this house
when it comes to going back to Indonesia.
Why?
I will tell you everything.
I…
used to have a happy family.
We lived a comfortable life.
But one day,
something happened.
Everything changed drastically.
My business collapsed.
I lost my possessions.
My second child died
because I couldn't take her to the doctor.
Losing a child
devastated me.
I was heartbroken.
I hated this world.
I thought God wasn't fair.
I ended up addicted to alcohol.
I got drunk almost every day.
I abandoned Mohammad and Bira.
One night,
when I was drunk,
I got hit by a car
and I was in a coma for almost a month.
Not even one relative was aware of it.
I left Mohammad and Bira locked
in the house.
After I regained consciousness,
when I came home,
I couldn't find my kids.
I was worried.
I was terrified.
I was afraid of losing my kids.
Mohammad and Bira
are the most valuable things
I have in my life.
Turns out, they were well looked after
by our Muslim neighbors
that I hated before.
Their kindness
made me feel ashamed.
I realized
I had misjudged Islam.
I decided to convert to Islam
and brought Mohammad and Bira here.
Now, you can share my story
in the hope that
it will be useful to many.
Why don't you tell us about Mom?
It's time for you to tell everything.
I'm tired of keeping everything to myself.
It's not easy to lie to Bira every day,
telling her that our mom has died.
Mom is alive?
Why did you lie to me?
I've been lied to!
-You've been lying to me!
-Bira.
I always wonder why you're rarely home
and always have problems with the police.
Is it to avoid me?
Is it because of me?
You've been lying to me.
You're all I have.
Why are you lying?
Bira, it's not that
I don't want to tell you.
I'm just waiting for the right time.
One day, with or without you,
I will find her!
Apologize to her.
Apologize!
And you have to be able to forgive her
who left us for another man.
Sorry for making you uncomfortable
with our issues.
Maybe this is our only chance
to deal with our family problems.
Actually, I didn't realize
that you're very tough.
You hid a big secret
from Saabira.
I also know that you hurt yourself
to vent all the pain in your heart.
I just want to say that I admire you.
You're very strong.
Back then,
when my parents left me,
I still needed them very much.
But they only left me with sadness.
In your case,
your mom left you with pain.
It takes time
to make peace with ourselves
and forgive ourselves.
And you know it must've been hard for you.
You've grown into a good person.
You're a good son to Baba.
A brother that Saabira can be proud of.
Your family history
won't destroy your future, Mo.
No one is perfect.
No family is perfect.
Mohammad.
It turns out
you're more mature than I thought.
I'm sorry
for making you feel very stressed.
I also need to apologize to you, Bira.
I promise I will bring you to Jakarta soon
to meet your mom.
I miss Indonesia too.
Bira.
Forgive me.
HUBEI PROVINCE
Wait a second.
Peace be upon you.
Peace be upon you too.
I'm Arif.
Mo.
Don't be surprised seeing me here.
Not a lot of Indonesians in the area
and everyone knows your dad's restaurant.
What business do you have here?
I need to talk to Aisha.
Sorry. I don't think it's a good idea
for you two to meet.
You'd better go.
Why? Who are you to her anyway?
Arif.
Can we talk privately?
Aisha?
How are you?
How are you doing?
How are your studies?
How's your apartment?
How's all your lies?
I had to quit my studies
to take care of my sick mom
whose medication is costly.
I know I'm in the wrong.
I lied about my studies.
I lied about my apartment.
But that's all I lied about, Aisha.
Everything else is true,
about me loving you.
I heard you.
All that you said on the phone.
So why didn't you say something?
Because I was ashamed.
I used the money you sent for my studies
to pay for my mom's medication.
I was afraid.
Afraid of losing you.
I'm afraid that you would think
that I'm not the person
you could be proud of anymore.
How is she now?
She's fine now.
So, why did you keep avoiding me?
Why did you never tell me about it?
Do you have another girlfriend?
There's no other woman
in my heart but you, Aisha.
There's no way.
I did lie to you,
but I really was taking care of my mom.
I know I did you wrong, and I'm sorry.
I need time.
I know this must be hard for you.
I know this isn't fair.
Take all the time you need to forgive me.
I'll wait
until you're ready to forgive me.
I promise, Aisha.
I will try to be the best for you.
If God's willing.
Arif.
How can I trust you again?
GOD IS THE GREATEST
I will go back to Jakarta with you.
When you called me,
I just realized that
I don't know a lot about you.
But there are also some things
you don't know about me.
I've kept this for a while.
GOD IS THE GREATEST
In the name of God.
Aisha.
Would you like to be my life partner?
I know I made a mistake.
I promise I won't repeat my mistake.
Forgive me.
Aisha, you can't just believe him.
Don't rush your decision.
I'm still mad at him.
Yet you reconcile with him. So, whatever.
If you're already upset over this,
how do you think Mo feels?
I'm upset too.
What do you think, Mo?
My job as the driver
who helped Aisha find
what she was looking for is done.
She has found what she was looking for.
So, she knows better
what she needs to decide.
Let's continue eating.
Aisha, please rethink your decision
to reconcile with Arif.
I think Mo deserves a chance
more than that depraved man.
Evy.
First, I'm not done with Arif.
Secondly,
Mo was with me
only because he wanted
to help fellow Muslims.
That's all.
Aisha. Listen to me.
Mo has feelings for you.
He cares a lot about you.
Trust me.
Stop it, Evy.
Enough.
We're going back to Indonesia.
Please don't add to my burden, okay?
Actually, I can't accept Aisha
and Arif being together.
I prefer her being with you.
With you, she's smiling from ear to ear.
How do you know that?
She chose Arif,
and she's happy with her decision.
I'm happy if she's happy.
That sounds like something
right out of a novel.
Easy to read but suffocating, right?
Aisha has made her decision
and we have to respect that.
Wait.
Be honest, from the bottom of your heart,
you have feelings for Aisha, right?
Baba, thank you so much.
We're so happy here.
The food is great,
the place is comfortable.
Aisha is also happy, right?
You're welcome, Evy.
Have you brought everything?
-All of your stuff is in the car.
-Yes.
-Let's go.
-Now, we only have to depart.
Baba, I'm leaving.
Baba, thank you so much for helping me.
And I'm so sorry for troubling you.
You're welcome, Aisha.
Have a safe journey.
I will find you when I go to Jakarta.
I'll be waiting for you in Jakarta.
Be good here, Bira.
Bira, I promise you
we'll go to Indonesia
for a holiday this year.
I know Mo is happy too.
He wants to meet you again soon.
We're leaving, Baba. Thank you so much.
-Yes. Take care.
-Okay.
Peace be upon you.
Peace be upon you too.
It's so quiet, like at a cemetery.
I know.
It must be hard.
Being left behind and leaving Ningxia
with all its memories.
I miss chilli sauce, Evy.
Me too.
Thank you, Mo.
You're welcome, Aisha.
I will never forget everything
we've been through.
I'll never be able to forget it too.
Aisha!
I'm going to talk to Arif
for a second, okay?
Arif.
I saw you with a girl at the City Wall.
I also went to your apartment
and got a lot of information about you.
What is he doing?
He said he wanted to talk for a second.
You betrayed Aisha
by living with someone else.
I think Aisha must know about this.
Mo, please.
Aisha…
She's already been hurt enough.
No need to add to it.
I promise I'll be loyal to her.
Being apart from her made me realize
that I really love her.
It's true.
Please. Please give me a chance
to make her happy.
For God's sake.
For God's sake, I've changed.
I promise.
Let's go.
Come on.
Arif!
You're running away?
You're going to leave me
in this situation?
-What are you doing here?
-Isn't that…
-We're no longer in a relationship.
-No.
-You have to take responsibility for this.
-I need to go back to Jakarta!
We're done here! Got it?
Do you know?
When you went to the apartment that day,
Arif was there.
He called his friend who lives next door
to pretend to be my husband.
When we went to the apartment,
Arif was there.
He asked her to lie.
He asked her to say that
her male friend is her husband.
She's lying.
She's lying, Aisha! It's a slander.
I rejected her advances.
That's why she slanders me.
Did he also tell you his mom was sick?
He told me the same thing a year ago.
But the truth is,
he's been lying to us all along.
Did Arif tell you about her sick mom?
Yes.
He told you that story
to make you pity him.
Aisha, he's a liar.
And this girl is pregnant,
but he doesn't want
to take responsibility.
Honey.
Aisha, you know me.
Arif!
How could you ask me
for money for your studies?
For the apartment?
You lied about your mom's condition.
Now, you've gotten her pregnant
and you won't even take responsibility.
You want to go back to Indonesia?
How could you?
You have no heart or sense.
Aisha!
-Enough, Arif.
-Aisha!
God has shown us who you really are.
Mo! Enough!
Don't get any more trouble.
-What are you doing?
-This man's a bad guy.
-Arrest him.
-Let me go!
Let me go!
Arrest him!
You're here, Aisha.
Can you put it up?
We're here, Evy.
Okay.
Let me put this up first.
Mo.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Mo, the train is leaving soon.
TRAIN TICKET FROM NINGXIA TO BEIJING
NAME: MO…
I want to complete my job
of taking you to your destination.
Mo.
Call me "Mohammad."
Aisha.